Hey, you're not a doctor, okay? Let me call 911.
Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat? Is that before you?
It's just one.
It's too late.
I don't, don't say that.
I'm spending, I'm so sorry. I should have been there.
I thought I'd be serious that you were happy.
You're not happy to remember me, but if I had a moment, it was really like this.
I would have done something. I would have stopped the wedding.
Shannon, I would have taken you four of these tracks.
I'm so sorry. I should have done more, Shannon. I should have done more.
I could never imagine someone other than my father to be so kind to me.
I'm such a fool to let a heartless man in my life.
I remember all, I remember all.
In my next life, I wrote truths differently.
In my next life, I will be sure you are the happiest woman in the world.
Shannon! Shannon! Shannon!